[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro music playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
BIG SISTER
[Naoko and Erika giggling]
Hi, Big Sis Naoko!
Oh, Leonard. What's up?
I want to go get some takoyaki
octopus balls with you today.
-Sure.
-Really?
Yes, let's go together.
Yay! I'll see you later then.
-Bye-bye.
-Leonard lives under your house, right?
-Yep.
-You don't mind?
Not at all.
Leonard is so...
Mmm. Takoyaki tastes so much better
when I eat it with you.
[Naoko thinking] He's so sweet,
like a little brother.
[Mole Dad] Checkmate.
Yikes! Chess is just like life.
It's impossible to predict.
We're home!
-Hi.
-Welcome back.
Hey, Big Sis Naoko,
let's play video games.
Sure!
[laughs]
Naoko and Leonard are such good friends.
Leonard thinks of Naoko
as if she really were his big sister.
[all chuckle]
You're knitting?
Yeah, I thought
I'd knit Leonard a blankie.
For Leonard?
It's surprisingly chilly underground.
Wait a sec. You do this here and then...
Huh?
Looks like you need some practice.
-[Leonard Mole] Wow, you're incredible!
-Hm?
Hey, hey!
Ugh! Come on.
-Take that!
-[yells]
That was so cool!
I want to get good at soccer
like you, Big Brother.
Can you teach me?
-Sure.
-Yay!
-That goal was amazing!
-Yeah.
And did you know?
Big Bro Takashi even made
the regional team!
Cool, right?
Uh-huh.
I wish I could be a soccer player
like Big Bro Takashi.
He said he's even scored a hat trick!
-Isn't that amazing?
-Hmph.
-And then Big Bro Takashi said--
-Hey,
want me to make you some yummy pancakes?
Really?
[Naoko] Here you go.
Are these pancakes?
I know they look a little off,
but they're really good!
So put down the ball,
and go wash your hands.
But Big Bro said that if I want
to get good at soccer,
I should treat the ball like my friend
and keep it with me at all times.
He did, did he?
Yes, he did.
The pancakes your big sister made
are really good.
I'll go wash my hands!
Wash between your fingers, too!
[grunts]
Hmph!
[Erika] What are you reading?
How to get better at soccer.
Are you going to play soccer?
-Not me, Leonard.
-Huh?
Leonard wants to become a soccer player.
As his big sister, I want to be able
to teach him how.
But Naoko, you don't even like soccer.
-[Yamada and Leonard Mole] Yay!
-Huh?
[Yamada] I can't wait!
What are you doing?
Oh, Naoko Watanabe.
Brother Taka-C is taking me
to a freestyle rap battle.
Huh? "Brother Taka-C"?
"Freestyle"?
Wait, what? There's too much information
to absorb that's beyond my comprehension.
It's way cooler to call him
"Brother Taka-C" than just "Big Bro."
"Cooler"?
Yo, Brother Lenny!
Yo, Brother Taka-C!
Yay!
Don't go teaching Leonard weird stuff.
[growls]
Oh! You're changing into Gauko.
Wait, you're not?
Sheesh, you're no fun.
-Taka-C, let's go.
-Okay.
See you later, Big Sis.
[Yamada and Leonard Mole laughing]
[Naoko grunting]
What's with that "Brother Taka-C" stuff?
I'm gonna make you pay, Takashi Yamada!
Leonard is my little brother!
Naoko, are you sure you're okay?
-Leonard!
-Big Sis!
Wanna go get some takoyaki
with your big sister?
Oh, I have soccer practice
with Brother Taka-C today.
Naoko!
Here.
I know you really wanted
to play this game.
That's Octo Doom 3!
You don't mind?
I'm going away this weekend.
You can borrow it till I get back.
Wow, you're so lucky!
Wanna play it with me, Leonard?
Sure!
I'll go tell Big Brother
I can't practice today!
I'll be right back!
[squeals]
Kana, thank you! Thank you so much!
I'm happy that you're so happy.
[Leonard Mole] Let's hurry up and play.
-Okay, but first I have a present for you.
-Huh? What is it?
Ta-da!
It's a blankie! I knit it myself!
Super cool, right?
Yeah, thanks...
Now, let's play.
Okay!
Aww, I lost.
-Hey, can I try single-player?
-Huh?
It's just you're not that good,
so the game never lasts very long.
Oh, sure, go ahead.
-Really?
-Yeah, we'll take turns.
-Okay!
-Do you want some juice?
Sure!
Oh, I lost.
Okay, it's my turn then.
One more time!
Can I play just one more time?
Huh?
Okay, go ahead.
Now it's my turn!
Just one more time!
Leonard, you've already had
a bunch of turns.
This is the last time! Please!
Uh... okay.
All right!
[sneezes]
Are you getting cold?
Here, use the blankie I made you.
-Nah, I don't want to.
-Huh?
I'm thirsty. More juice!
[roars]
Gau! Gau, Gau, Gau!
-Gau! Gau, Gau!
-Ahh!
That was the last straw!
You could've at least said "please"
when asking for more juice!
Show some respect!
I worked so hard on that blankie!
Everyone will laugh at me
if I carry this around!
What did you just say?
Take turns when playing games!
It's your fault for stinking so badly!
How dare you!
Oh my, they're so energetic. [chuckles]
As the saying goes:
the closer you are, the more you fight.
[laughs]
[Dad] Those two...
They really are just like siblings.
[growling and grunting]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪
Subtitle translation by Krysta Uyekawa